[Ethereal melody;
Soothing. bell-like percussion]
[Delicate violin plucking]
[Sustained.
warm violin tone joins]
[Music fades]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Insects chirp]
[Birdsong]
[Gentle rustling]
[Vehicle approaches]
[Car engine stops]
- [Man] Oh man.
- [Woman] Wow.
[Horse neighs in the distance]
[Man] I haven't been here
since I was a little kid.
[Woman] I thought
you grew up here.
[Man] Like round the corner.
I knocked my tooth out
on that step.
Got me brain damaged.
[Woman chuckles]
[Man laughs]
[He laughs] It's not New York.
but... it's ours.
- I think it's gonna be
pretty sick. no?
- [Door opens]
Yeah?
- I could send for
my drum kit?
- [Woman] No way.
[Man] No?
My uncle was a hoarder.
I didn't realise how much...
space there was in here.
- It's peaceful.
- [He climbs up the stairs]
I can just record
an album out here so easily.
- Gracie!
- What?
[Man] I found an office!
[Grace] Oh.
[Man] You can write your
Great American Novel up here.
Whoa!
What?
[Man] Um...
It's alright.
It's just
a little rat situation.
We should get a cat.
[Man] You can write all day.
every day.
Nothing but the birds singing.
[Grace] How did he die?
[Man] Um...
- I don't know.
- [Grace chuckles]
[She climbs up the stairs]
[She climbs down the stairs]
Here we are.
- We need a broom.
- [They laugh]
[Harsh. fast-paced rock music]
[Music continues]
[Music halts;
Insects chirp and buzz]
[Pinky & Perky's version of
Let's Twist Again
plays in the distance]
[Man] Hey. hey. hey.
- [Baby cries]
- Hey.
Hey.
[He sings]
♪ Came on. let's twist again ♪
- Hey! Where's your mommy?
- [Crying continues]
Pumpkin. where's your mommy?
[Baby gurgles]
[Man babbles in singsong]
Oh. no!
Where's Mommy?
[Music continues]
Oh. God.
Grace.
[Music halts]
[Insects buzz;
Baby coos]
Mom wanted to stop by.
Oh?
I told her
it wasn't a big deal.
It's like a "us" thing.
And it's just for six months.
anyway. so...
[Grace] Mm-hmm.
I just feel kind of bad.
'cause I think
she just wants the company.
I don't mind her coming.
It's weird.
It's like she doesn't
know how to function any more.
She's still cooking
for two people.
Did she tell you that?
It's too sweet.
Yeah? No. it's nice.
He liked it.
A real mom
would have baked a cake.
[He scoffs]
Want another one?
Why is it so fuckin' hot?
[She mimics his voice]
"Why is it so fuckin' hot?"
It's always hot.
[Baby coos]
[Record whirrs]
[Insects chirp]
[Baby cries]
[Baby gurgles]
[Baby coos]
[Faint. unsettling buzz]
[Insects chirp and buzz]
Boy's asleep.
[Man] Mm-hmm.
[He hums]
[He spits]
[Motorcycle revs nearby]
[Revving fades
into the distance]
You wanna look?
How can you not give a shit
about the stars. Grace?
Well.
they make me feel
like nothing.
[Man]
I like they make me feel like
I'm part of something bigger.
You like to feel like nothing?
[Man] No.
You know how many universes
there are out there?
What are we doing in
the different universe?
Are we together?
[Man] Sure we are.
Am I a rock star?
[Man] Hmm...
Can you sing
in a different universe?
- Hey.
- [He chuckles]
Yeah.
I'm sure you're a rock star.
Do we fuck?
[Man] Uh-huh.
All the time?
Hey. what?
Do. We. Fuck?
Like rabbits.
[He chuckles]
Do you hear him?
[Man] No.
He's crying. Listen.
[Man] Grace.
it's totally silent.
Am I boring you?
- [Grace] Not you.
The universe.
- [Door opens]
- Who gives a shit?
- [Door closes]
[He sighs]
[TV presenter]
...a wild party mom...
[Woman on TV] I'm very
well known as Big Bouncy.
the over-the-hill party girl.
[TV presenter] ...swap lives
for two weeks.
- [Woman 2 on TV]
I hope you survive.
- [Boy on TV]Bye!
- [Woman] Nice to meet you.
- [Soft rattling]
We are two worlds apart.
[Woman 2] I've never seen
anything good
come from alcohol.
[Woman] I've never
killed an animal before.
Oh. my God!
[Boy] I'm talking!
[Woman 2] I've never seen
a more disrespectful child.
[Soft rattling]
[Horse whinnies
in the distance]
[Horse neighs]
[Horse neighs intensely]
[Soft snoring]
[He grunts sleepily]
[She sighs]
[Woman]
Does it feel like a girl?
[Grace]
What does a girl feel like?
[Woman] If it moves
more on the right.
then you're probably
having a boy.
You didn't wanna know?
[Grace] Mm-mm.
Grace. I...
I didn't find out
what I was having either.
I think that's nice.
You didn't find out
'cause you wanted a girl.
[She laughs ironically] Ha. ha.
Oh. gosh. He forgets to drink.
- Harry.
you gotta have a drink.
- [Woman 3] He's fine.
No. I didn't. I wanted a baby.
I wanted whoever was in there.
Yeah? And you got Jackson?
Unlucky.
I heard that. Auntie Jen.
[Sports reporter
speaks indistinctly]
Are you off your food. Grace?
- Leave her alone.
- You didn't eat.
Being pregnant
makes your stomach shrink.
[Woman] That's bullshit.
[Jen] It's sucking on you
every minute of the day.
Then you'll be famished.
I couldn't get enough in me.
[Woman]
That never went away. did it?
- [Women laugh]
- You can talk.
What's your excuse?
[Jen] Never had a baby
but always ate as though
you'd just had triplets.
[Women laugh]
You know. Grace.
if you get a screamer...
[Woman 2]
She's not gonna
get a screamer.
[Woman]
Jackson was a screamer.
- [Jackson] That's a lie!
- [Woman 2]
Jackson was a sweetheart.
The point is. if you do.
let the baby cry.
Just walk away from it.
Don't let yourself get tired.
stressed.
[Woman 2]
That's a horrible thing
to say.
[Jen] Slow fuckin' death.
If you're not at your best.
it's no good for anyone.
especially the baby.
[Woman] And a crying baby
doesn't mean it's in pain.
[Jen] It's the only way
they have of communicating.
[Woman 2] No.
it's not.
People say that shit because
they wanna walk away
from their kid.
Anyway. all I do
is take care of Harry.
- [Woman] Barely.
- [Woman 2] If you need me...
- [Jen] She doesn't.
- [Woman 2]
...we're just a walk away.
What you doing in here. Pop?
Wanna watch the Grizzlies?
Wanna open
some of those presents?
Whose presents?
For the baby.
No.
I gotta sort out these shoes.
- Okay.
- They're the wrong ones.
They look good to me.
- You had enough to eat. Mom?
- Honey. I'm stuffed.
Would you get your dad
something to drink. please?
Here you go. Pop.
No more pie.
[Woman 2] Well. I'm stuffed.
[Jen] Can't stop eating.
It's the same every holiday.
Well. you can do it.
You've always been skinny.
Grace likes me lean.
Don't you. baby?
You can starve in January.
[Women laugh]
What are y'all doing?
Why are y'all here?
This is Frank's house.
It's his house.
Harry.
this is Grace and Jackson's--
No.
this is my brother's house.
[Woman 2] Sweetheart.
Frank's not here.
Get out of my brother's house!
[Grace giggles]
[She clears her throat]
[Thuds and clattering
in the distance]
[Jackson exhales deeply]
- Jackson.
- [Jackson groans. softly]
[Clattering continues]
Harry.
[Door creaks. opens]
Harry!
[Insects chirp]
Did you find the right size?
Hello.
[He gasps. emotional]
Is it a baby?
- A baby.
- [Harry] A boy?
I don't know.
I think. maybe.
[Harry] It is.
Oh?
Don't leave him to cry.
I won't.
You know.
when he comes.
he's a cat.
He's a bear and a baby.
And he's you. he's all of you.
He's gonna be so funny.
[They chuckle]
[Waltz-like rhythm.
romantic French chanson]
[Music continues]
[He sniffles]
[Music continues. muffled;
Insects chirp]
[Music concludes;
Wind blows]
[Lively music plays in store]
Hi. Find everything
you're looking for?
[Grace] In life?
[Clerk chuckles]
Any gas for your car?
- [Grace] No.
- Alrighty.
I love this stuff. Whatever
they put in that powder.
it's like magic.
It's two for six dollars
if you want another.
- I'm good.
- This one's four.
- And the other one is two.
- I get it.
- No. thanks.
- He's a boy. right?
He's so cute.
Hi there. handsome.
Hi there. sweetie-pie.
- Does he have a name?
- No.
We decided not to name him.
- [Clerk. chucking] Oh.
- [Baby cries]
How old are you. sweetie?
Wait. Let me guess.
I'm really good at this.
About six months?
Why are you talking?
Do you ever think about
what you'll say
or why you're speaking?
Or do you just open your mouth
and blah. blah.
blah. blah. blah?
In about 30 seconds.
I'll be gone.
We don't need to speak.
Okay.
[Music plays -
Hey Mickey by Toni Basil]
[Upbeat.
catchy pop rock music]
♪ ...every time you move
I let a little more show
♪ There's something
you can use
So don't say no. Mickey
♪ So. come on
and give it to me
Anyway you can
♪ Anyway you wanna do it
I'll take it like a man
♪ But please. baby. please
Don't leave me in the damp.
Mickey
♪ Oh. Mickey. what a pity
You don't understand
♪ You take me by the heart
When you take me by the hand
♪ Oh. Mickey. you're so pretty
Can't you understand?
♪ It's guys like you. Mickey
♪ Oh. what you do.
Mickey. do. Mickey
♪ Don't break my heart.
Mickey ♪
[Baby coos]
[Motorcycle revs]
♪ Oh. Mickey. you're so fine
You're so fine
you blow my mind
♪ Hey. Mickey!
Hey. Mickey!
♪ Oh. Mickey. you're so fine
You're so fine
you blow my mind
♪ Hey. Mickey!
Hey. Mickey!
♪ Oh. Mickey. you're so fi-- ♪
♪ You think you've got the right
But I think
you've got it wrong
♪ Why can't you say goodni--
♪ ...what a pity.
you don't understand
♪ You take me by the
heart and you-- ♪
- [Song halts]
- [Harmonica melody]
- [Song resumes]
- Alrighty.
Alrighty.
[Song concludes.
record whirrs]
[Song resumes]
- [Song concludes]
- Alrighty. Alrighty.
Alrighty.
[Glass squeaks]
[Engine stops;
Baby coos]
- Hey.
- [Grace] Hey.
What you doing up. little bug?
I was bored.
You got bored.
so you kept the baby up?
I got somethin' for you.
[Dog barks. whimpers]
What the fuck. Jackson?
You got a dog?
Got a dog.
Look at him.
We need a cat.
[With a playful voice]
Yeah. yeah.
yeah. yeah.
Good dog. Good baby.
You're a good baby.
Yes. you are.
- Hey.
- [Dog barks]
[Baby whimpers]
Come here.
Come on.
Everyone but me!
Yeah.
Hey.
[Dog whimpers. pants]
Wanna see some magic?
Wanna see a magic trick?
[He whistles]
[Dog barks]
[Jackson speaks indistinctly
downstairs]
[Dog barks]
[Jackson clears his throat]
[Dog whimpers.
barks downstairs]
[She breathes heavily]
Stir it up. You stir it up.
[Dog barks]
Second.
Magic.
[Dog barks downstairs]
[Dog barks;
Microwave rumbles]
[Barking continues;
Sparse. moody
indie rock music]
[She mimics barking]
[Baby cries]
[She mimics barking.
aggressively]
[She growls]
[Barking and crying continue]
[Music concludes;
Barking continues
in the distance]
Ready?
We're ready to steer. Okay.
- Ready to drive?
- [Baby coos]
To the moon.
[She mimics engine revving]
And a left to New York.
[Squeak nearby]
What is that?
Do you feel that?
[Wind blows;
Insects chirp]
Where are you now?
[Jackson] In a burger place
outside of Nampa. 84.
[Grace] You're eating?
Mm-hmm.
[Grace] A burger?
[Jackson] Yep.
- Is it good?
- [Jackson]
Yeah. it's alright.
Well. what else
have you been doing?
[Jackson] Workin'.
Uh-huh.
What else?
[Indistinct. lively chatter]
Is everything alright?
[Grace]
I'm asking you about your day.
This is a conversation.
What have you been up to?
Nothin'.
[Jackson]
Have you been writing?
I'll call you
when I get closer. okay?
Well. are you gonna wanna eat?
Yeah. we can have
dinner when I get back.
It's gonna be kind
of late. though.
[Waitress]
Anything else for you?
[Grace]
What sounds good for supper?
How's the boy?
He's sleeping.
[Waitress] Hey. darlin'.
Here's the check.
[Jackson] Alright. talk later.
Thank you. baby.
Okay. Bye.
[They breathe heavily]
[Sparse. sombre music]
[Music continues;
Motorcycle revs
in the distance]
[Music continues]
[Music concludes]
[Train horn blares
in the distance]
[Insects buzz]
Pam?
Fuck!
Fuck! Oh. goddammit.
Pam. what the hell?
You snuck in.
[Grace] I didn't sneak.
I brought the baby.
- You brought the baby.
- [Grace] He's asleep.
- [Pam] That's nice.
- Yeah.
As long as
you don't blow my brains out.
That thing loaded. Pam?
Oh. yeah. It's Harry's.
He used to sleep with it
next to him.
Made him feel safe.
I don't know
what to do with it now.
what to do with any of it.
I never do my hair.
It's pretty.
Harry likes it loose.
Yeah?
[Insects buzz]
Are you sleeping at all?
Um...
You know.
Jackson says
you've been sleepwalking.
[Pam chuckles]
Oh. yeah. That.
You get far?
Woke up on Culver Road
screaming my head off.
Never done
anything like that before.
Nothing seems real since...
since he died.
My brain just seems...
chopped up.
[Insect buzzes]
- [Baby coos]
- Yeah.
I'm your grandma.
Yeah. I am.
[Insect buzzes]
It's so wonderful
the two of you
have taken on the house.
[Grace] Mm-hmm.
[Pam] Oh. he was...
such a happy little guy.
Frank.
[Pam chuckles]
He shot himself?
- Uncle Frank?
- Yes.
And you found him?
[Pam] I did.
- That must have been awful.
- Yes. I did. It was.
It was.
In the head?
No.
- I can't...
- Well. where. then?
The heart? Chest?
No.
- Legs. feet. back?
- No.
- Arms? Stomach?
- No. no.
Dick?
- Grace.
- [Grace] Ass?
Oh. my God. He shot himself
in his own ass intentionally?
You know.
he looks just like you.
[Clock ticks]
- Uncle Frank?
- [She chuckles] No.
The baby. you goose.
Oh.
You think?
Yeah.
[Insects buzz]
Grace. you know. everybody
goes a little loopy
the first year.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
You and Harry have known
each other your whole lives.
Of course you're gonna go
a bit loopy.
No. no. I mean you.
After a baby.
My mother went nuts.
Jen lost it.
I didn't feel myself
for a while.
But you'll... you'll...
[Loud bang. buzzing stops]
You'll come back.
[She sighs]
- [Insect buzzes]
- You know...
- if you're having
a hard time...
- I feel fine.
We'll come again soon.
Thanks for the tea.
[Delicate piano notes]
Who's pushing you?
Is that a ghost?
[Grace sings a lullaby]
♪ Red and yellow
- ♪ And pink and green ♪
- [Dog pants. whimpers]
♪ Purple and orange and blue
♪ I can sing a rainbow
♪ Sing a rainbow
♪ Sing a rainbow too ♪
[She mimics gun shot;
Dog whimpers]
♪ Listen with your eyes
♪ And sing everything
you see ♪
[Sombre. unsettling tone]
[Motorcycle revs
in the distance]
[Tone and revving die down]
[Sombre. unsettling music]
[Pam laughs hysterically]
[She gasps]
[Wind blows]
[Thunder rumbles]
[Squeak nearby;
Music continues]
What the fuck do you want?
Cut your lip.
Cut it.
[Music fades]
[He breathes heavily]
[Insects chirp]
[Dog barks;
Baby cries]
[She imitates barking]
[She groans. annoyed]
- Just gonna leave it?
- He's your girlfriend.
You clean it up.
- [Jackson] Nice.
- He pissed on the floor too.
You should make better choices
in who you bring home.
- [Jackson]
Fuck's sake. Grace.
- You're mad at me?
Why didn't you let him out.
you whack job?
He's not my problem.
Just put him on his leash.
take him out the back
until he gets used
to where he is.
Yeah. I'm not gonna train
your fucking dog.
We have a baby.
No shit.
I can't have this...
This place is a fucking hole.
- And you moved us into it.
- I am working.
And when I come home.
I'm the one
cleaning everything up.
Yeah. three days a week.
Let me shower you in medals.
- Shut up.
- You have an ashtray
on the carpet.
You don't think
the baby's eating that shit?
Shut up.
Move us into the house
where your uncle shot himself
up the fucking ass.
- Oh. my God.
- Up the ass.
Up the fucking ass.
- Stop.
- I knew it. I knew it.
Why are your shorts undone?
Why do you not have
your shorts on?
- [Grace] Shut up.
- Jesus Chr--
[Grace]
Fucking sanctimonious dick.
You probably
pissed on the floor yourself.
Blamed it on the dog.
It was your mangy dog.
And "sanctimonious" means
you think you're morally
superior to other people.
dummy.
- How's the book going.
by the way?
- Fantastic. thank you!
Your Great American Novel.
The main character's
about to batter her husband
to death with a hammer.
- Sounds like shit.
- [Grace]
Well. you can't read. so...
Maybe if
I spend a little less time
with my hands down my pants
and a little more time
writing.
maybe I'd write something.
maybe.
My hands are down my pants
'cause you put your dick
everywhere except there.
asshole!
[She grunts]
[Horn blares loudly;
Barking continues]
You're gonna
wake up the baby.
Now you're worried
about the baby.
I'm always worried
about the fucking baby.
- We're going for a drive.
- No.
- Yes! We are.
- [Grace] No!
- Get in. Grace.
- Fuck off.
- We need to talk.
- [Grace] We can talk here.
- Get in the fucking car!
- Fucking no!
Jackson.
I'm not leaving the baby.
Stop. stop. stop.
Jackson!
- [Jackson] The baby's fine.
- [Grace] Stop! Stop!
You're a fucking...
fucking asshole!
What is wrong with you?
[He pants. grunts]
- Seriously?
- Give me the belt.
[Grace chuckles] Oh. my God.
Don't you dare open the door.
[Dreamy.
quiet song plays on stereo]
[Dog whimpers. barks]
[Jackson] Gracie.
Hey. bud. don't...
Stop. Stop!
[Upbeat rock song
plays on stereo]
Look. okay. I... I just think
we need to have a schedule
or somethin'. or just...
I just wanna make a plan
'cause I...
Grace.
I don't want you to think
that I don't appreciate
everything that you do.
I just...
Like. you're the glue.
you're the one.
you're the OG. but...
If you're not feeling good.
then...
then. I don't know.
maybe we should. like.
talk about it.
[Barking continues]
I just want you to know
that I'm here.
Having a baby
is like the most...
monumental fucking thing
and...
I get that. I want you to know
how much I get that.
and if you wanna
talk about it. then...
Can we turn this off?
What?
The music. Can we turn it off?
- It's a classic.
- Okay.
I don't care.
I hate it. I hate guitars.
- Since when?
- Since forever.
What? That's insane.
Who hates guitars?
You don't hate guitars.
Grace.
I know what you're thinking.
but that's just an old pack.
It's been in there forever.
You've seen them before.
- [Grace]
I've seen these before?
- [Jackson] Yes.
Look. they're just...
they're Greg's.
Wow. you and Greg are very.
very close.
Stop it. Stop it. Stop it.
Stop it. Grace.
stop being fucking annoying.
[Tires screech;
Loud crash]
[Music plays
Crossroads . by Cream]
[Ferocious.
electric guitar music]
[Horse whinnies]
♪ You can run. you can run
♪ Tell my friend boy
Willie Brown
♪ You can run. you can run ♪
[Urine trickling]
♪ And I'm standing
at the crossroads
Believe I'm sinking down ♪
[Music concludes. resonates]
[Baby cries]
[Grace] I'm coming!
I'm here. baby.
[She pants]
[Baby gurgles]
[Dog pants]
He's not breathing.
Funny.
[Baby gurgles]
[Dog whimpers]
[Whimpering continues]
[Dog barks]
[She breathes heavily]
[Dog yowls. pained]
Fuck it.
[Pam murmurs indistinctly]
[Pam] Harry?
[Footsteps recede]
[Door squeaks]
[Dog whimpers]
Up.
Grace?
You have to shoot the dog.
What?
You have to
shoot the fucking dog.
He's crying.
Where the fuck you found that?
That thing you love
is suffering.
- [Jackson]
Have you lost your mind?
- You can fix it.
- Are you insane?
- He's in pain.
- I'll take it
to the vet tomorrow.
- And they'll put it down.
Grace. please!
I'm not gonna kill my dog.
Okay?
[Dog whimpers]
[Gunshot reverberates;
Whimpering stops]
[Sombre. unsettling echo]
How's your lip?
[Insects chirp]
[Upbeat children's song plays]
[Loud crash]
[She grunts;
Song continues]
[Grace chuckles]
I'm sorry.
- [Pam] How do you start
your days. Grace?
- [Insects buzz]
[Grace] What do you mean?
Well...
Yoga?
Running?
Hot water and lemon?
Writing?
What's happened
with your writing?
I can't do it any more.
- Why not?
- [Baby coos]
You know who's teaching yoga?
- Who?
- That neighbour of yours.
Melissa?
She does it over the internet.
She...
Maybe you could
take a class with her?
[Grace chuckles]
I don't think that's yoga.
Pam.
Oh. I'm...
- I'm pretty sure it is.
- [Grace chuckles]
Well...
it might be a relaxing thing
for a young woman to do.
You're still so pretty. Grace.
Let me help you. sweetie.
Just with the baby. with...
with the house.
whatever you need.
- Just...
- [Footsteps approach]
give you more time
to do other things.
Alright.
You found some.
It's the good stuff. Mom.
I know this brand.
This is the hot one.
[Grace] I'm going for a walk.
- I won't be long.
- Grace?
[Music plays -
Little April Shower .
from Bambi ]
[Light. playful choir]
♪ ...beating a tune
as you fall all around
♪ Drip. drip. drop
Little April shower
♪ What can compare
With your beautiful sound?
♪ Beautiful sound.
beautiful sound
♪ Drip. drip. drop
Little April shower
♪ Beating a tune
as you fall all around
♪ Drip. drip. drop
Little April shower
♪ What can compare
With your beautiful sound?
♪ Drip. drip. drop
When the sky is cloudy
♪ You come along
Come along
with your pretty little song
♪ Drip. drip. drop
When the sky is cloudy
♪ You come along
Come along
with your pretty little song
♪ Gay little roundelay
Gay little roundelay
♪ Song of the rainy day
Song of the rainy day
♪ How I love
to hear your patter
Pretty little pitter-patter
♪ Helter-skelter
when you pelter
Troubles always
seem to scatter
♪ Drip. drip drop
Little April shower ♪
[Voices intertwine
in rich harmony]
[Horse nickers]
[Music turns slightly sombre]
[Baby whines]
[Music subsides]
[Baby cries]
[Choir resumes]
[Crying continues]
[Music concludes;
Birds call]
Grace?
[Jackson]
Grace! Can you hear us?
[Various voices] Grace!
- Grace!
- Grace.
Grace!
[Baby cries]
[Pam. in a low voice]
She took your baby
and disappeared for hours.
Had you frantic.
And now
she's not talking to you?
[Jackson] She just needs
some time to herself.
You know. I get that.
[Pam] No. Jackson.
She is not well.
[Jackson] Well.
sometimes people
aren't well. Mom.
Sometimes people
need some time
to adjust when things change.
Sometimes everybody just needs
to have some fucking patience
and trust that
things will get better.
Are you still sleepwalking?
[Pam] I'm just trying to help.
Well. you are helping. Mom.
[Jackson sighs]
She just needs some space
to... to write.
[Pam] She says she can't.
[Jackson]
It's just like. you know...
It's just writer's block
or whatever. I guess.
[Lightbulb buzzes]
[High-pitched.
unsettling ringing]
[Ringing fades into subtle.
unsettling music]
[Indistinct chatter
in the background]
[Girl]
No. I don't wanna get in.
[Man]
Okay. there we are. Good job.
- Hi.
- [Man] Alright.
that's a big girl.
That's a big girl.
- [Girl] I don't wanna go.
- [Woman] It's okay.
- [Grace] Sorry to bother you.
- Huh?
I think my car
might have a flat tyre.
Would you mind
just taking a look at it?
- [Woman] Breathe.
- [Girl] No!
[Woman] Look at Mommy.
Hey. look at Mommy.
Babe. we don't have any time
for this. No.
- So...
- [Music intensifies]
could you...
[Grace] Okay. Yeah. sorry.
[Woman]
Put your leg in the car.
[Music fades]
Alright?
When was the last time
we had sex?
Rough guess.
I really couldn't say. Gracie.
Go on. take a stab.
[He clears his throat]
I don't know. Like a month?
Try two and a half.
Well. things have been.
you know.
And it was four in the morning
and you were essentially
asleep.
Grace.
And the time before that.
we were watching TV
about that thing
on the island.
and I was begging you.
and you put a towel down.
Alright. alright. alright.
It used to be good. right?
[Loud rumble]
[Jackson] It's still good.
Grace.
It doesn't exist. Jackson.
It's not a thing.
Alright.
I'm gonna put more effort in.
Tonight?
- Okay.
- [Grace] You want me?
[Jackson] Yeah. I want you.
Say it again.
I... I want you. yeah.
- Before or after dinner?
- Grace. man.
- Just have a fucking opinion.
- Jesus fucking Christ!
[He clears his throat. sighs]
When we get home?
Yeah.
You'll fuck me
when we get home?
Yeah.
In the car?
If you like.
We used to fuck in the car
all the time. remember?
[Jackson] Uh-huh.
I'll unbuckle. come over
to your seat
and you'll fuck me?
Yes.
Come on.
My mom's right there.
Fuck me quickly. then.
I don't...
[She breathes heavily]
Grace. come on.
I'm just kinda...
[Zipper scratches]
You impotent piece of shit.
You useless fucking faggot!
You're fucking insane.
Fucking insane.
Everything okay?
[Clattering and shattering]
[Heavy thud. water gushes]
[Footsteps approach]
- Open the door.
I need to use it.
- Piss outside.
[Jackson. grunting]
I don't need to piss.
[Grace] Shit in a bush.
I don't care.
Oh. God. Grace!
Grace!
I don't wanna shit in a bush.
I wanna shit in the toilet.
[Grace and Jackson chuckle]
Come on. it's coming out.
Come on.
It's gonna be
all over the floor.
I'm starting to smell it.
Quick.
Thank you.
Jesus Christ.
[Woman] No running. please.
- Hi. Hey! Come on in.
- Hey.
Greg!
Yeah. Greg said we have
enough food to feed a village.
- Well. that's
what we've got. right?
- [Lively. indistinct chatter]
Well. you can add these.
I guess.
They fell over in the car.
They looked better before.
What happened to your fingers?
I burnt them
trying to bake you a cake.
- Hey. man.
- [Man] There you are.
Welcome. buddy.
- Good to see you.
- [Jackson] You too. man.
- [Man] Hi.
- [Jackson]
The place looks great.
[Woman]
He's such a beautiful baby.
- Jack. let's get you a drink.
- Does he want a snack?
- Sure.
Whatever the kids are having.
- Okay. No allergies?
No. I don't think so.
[Woman] Who's a sweetie-pie?
Here's Jack's boy.
Did you guys see this?
[They laugh]
[Indistinct. lively chatter;
Quiet folk music
in the background]
- [Music concludes]
- So. you think
you'll have another one?
Yeah. Pregnant now.
Cookin' up twins.
What happened to your hands?
Oh.
You should see the wall.
[She chuckles] Yeah. I...
I have two kids. and...
and two is a lot.
if I'm being honest.
Seems like it.
Babies. though.
babies are hard.
I don't think anybody
talks about that enough.
It's all anyone talks about.
[Woman 2. chuckling]
It changes you.
I think I nearly lost my mind
for the first six months.
When do you think
you'll be getting it back?
You know. postnatal depression
is so much more common
than people think.
[Indistinct conversation
in the background]
- What do you do for work.
Grace?
- [Grace] I don't.
I'm stuck between wanting
to do something
and not wanting to do...
anything at all.
[Woman 2] Hang on.
Cheryl mentioned
that you're a writer.
That's cute.
That must be nice.
Having something
you can squeeze
around a baby.
Yeah. I don't
do that anymore.
Why not? Stuck
for inspiration?
I'm sure it'll come back.
[Indistinct conversations;
Children yell playfully]
[Jackson] Grace?
Grace!
[Woman 3] Oh. my God!
[Greg] Jackson? Jackson?
Look at me. okay? Hey.
- Can you breathe?
- [Man 2]
Somebody get some water.
- Jackson?
- [Greg] Let me call someone.
- What. your chest hurts?
- [He pants] Yeah.
You can breathe.
Breathe with me.
[Greg] I think it's
them at the door.
[Jackson breathes heavily]
Yeah. See?
Yeah. you're okay.
You're okay.
[Breath grows steady]
He's okay.
[Upbeat twist music]
It's just kind of
a wake-up call.
you know.
We need to
look out for each other.
Grace.
I am getting really stressed.
About what?
No one took our pastries.
You see that?
[Jackson] Well.
there was a ton of food.
It's rude.
They weren't being rude.
Come on.
You know what's rude. Grace?
Getting into a pool
full of kids
in your fucking underwear.
That's what's rude.
You embarrassed me.
You embarrassed us.
- Grace. Grace!
- [Tires screech]
Goddammit!
[Loud honking]
Fuck me. Jesus fucking Christ.
Don't ever do that again.
Alright?
[Loud honking]
[Grace]
When Amelia was
a little girl.
she liked to imagine
she could stretch her wings
and fly like a bird.
One day
she got to ride on an airplane
and liked it so much
she didn't wanna
ever come down.
The world looked so small.
the houses
and cars were like toys.
They flew
for thousands of miles.
Over oceans and jungles.
Some people thought
they were crazy.
But Amelia wasn't afraid
of having
a thousand adventures.
So she flew on
like a bird. further
than anyone had gone before.
never to return.
What the fuck?
[Cheerful. rhythmic melody]
[Music continues]
[Music continues;
Insects chirp]
[Music turns tense. dramatic]
[Music fades]
[Insects chirp]
[Birds call]
[Insects buzz. chirp]
[Buzzing
and chirping continue]
[Jackson]
You wanna get married?
[Grace] Yeah.
Yeah. fuck yeah.
- [Muffled cheering]
- [Offbeat
country-folk duet music]
[Music plays
In Spite of Ourselves .
by John Prine and Iris DeMent]
[Male voice] ♪ She don't like
Her eggs all runny
♪ She thinks
crossin' her legs is funny
♪ She looks
down her nose at money
♪ She gets it on
like the Easter Bunny
♪ She's my baby. I'm her honey
♪ Never gonna let her go ♪
[Female voice]
♪ He ain't got laid
In a month of Sundays
♪ I caught him once
And he was sniffin' my undies
♪ He ain't too sharp
But he gets things done
♪ Drinks his beer
like it's oxygen
♪ He's my baby
and I'm his honey
♪ I'm never gonna let him go ♪
[Both] ♪ In spite of ourselves
♪ We'll end up
a-sittin' on a rainbow
♪ Against all odds
♪ Honey.
we're the big door prize
♪ We're gonna spite
Our noses right off
of our faces
♪ There won't be nothing'
But big old hearts dancin'
in our eyes ♪
Oh. my God. Really?
[Vibrant '60s-style
pop-rock music]
[Fast-paced rock music]
Kiss me.
- Kiss me.
- Grace.
[Inaudible dialogue]
[Music intensifies]
I don't know where Jackson is.
[Pam] Let's go find that
no-count husband of yours.
[Music halts]
Wow.
Hello.
This is the bride
in the bridal suite.
I was wondering if I could get
a bucket of ice
sent up to my room.
[Concierge. on phone]
We've got
an ice machine on your floor
at the end
of the corridor there.
Uh-huh.
What's your name?
[Concierge] Charlie.
Charlie. would you mind
getting it for me. please?
I'm a little indisposed.
[Charlie]
We don't bring up ice. ma'am.
Okay.
Are you still there?
[Charlie] Yes. ma'am.
Is there anything else
I can help you with?
Well. my husband
is at the party downstairs.
Our wedding.
Um... and I think
it would be really nice
if the champagne
was cold for him
when we came up.
[Charlie] I understand.
I'm just trying
to be a good wife.
[Charlie] Yes. Sorry.
but I can't help with that.
You have
a really beautiful voice.
Charlie.
[Charlie] Thank you. ma'am.
[He sings] ♪ The beast in me
♪ Has had to learn
to live with pain
♪ And how to shelter
from the rain
♪ And in the twinkling
of an eye
♪ Might have to be restrained
♪ God help
♪ The beast in me ♪
[Loud crash]
[Baby coos]
[Light tubes buzz]
[Grace]
I must have been about...
three?
My parents and
I went down to the beach.
They must have been reading.
or maybe they fell asleep.
And I had my
feet in the water.
and then this girl
came up to me.
She must have been about ten.
but to me she seemed.
you know.
like a... like a grown-up.
And she took my hand
and we walked for a while.
She bought me an ice pop.
People would...
say how cute we were.
It was really nice.
And then
as my parents realised
I was missing and...
my mom was crying and...
my dad was really angry.
and I remember just thinking
"I wish you weren't mine.
"I wish...
I didn't belong to you."
[Doctor] Where are
your parents now. Grace?
They died in a plane crash.
[Doctor] How old were you?
Ten.
[Doctor] It must have been
terribly difficult.
Like. perhaps you have
some abandonment issues.
Which makes it hard for you
to safely attach to people.
Your husband. To your son.
I don't have a problem
attaching to my son.
He's perfect.
It's everything else
that's fucked.
[She grunts. angry]
[Voices resonate
in the distance]
[Grace] Hi!
Hi. baby.
Oh. I missed you.
What?
[Baby whines]
You got a rental?
No. it's ours.
I got it off Greg.
With what money?
Don't worry about it.
He's taking care of us.
You like it?
Yeah. it's cool. Big.
[ Kooks by David Bowie
plays on car stereo]
Turn this up.
I love this song.
[Volume increases]
Thought
you didn't like guitars.
When did I ever say that?
I love guitars.
[She sings along]
♪ Will you stay
In our lovers' story?
♪ If you stay.
you won't be sorry
♪ 'Cause we believe in you
♪ Soon you'll grow.
so take a chance
♪ With a couple of kooks
Hung up on romancing
♪ Will you stay
in our lovers' story?
♪ If you stay.
you won't be sorry ♪
[Volume decreases]
[Music concludes;
Lively chatter]
Doing alright there. bud?
Come on. now.
He's so cute.
I love his little hat.
He's not really a fan.
Are you. buddy?
I babysit a kid just like him.
Yours is cuter. though.
Has he been
in the water yet?
No. not yet.
[Young girl] We could
take him to the edge.
Do you think
he'll go with us?
Yeah. You're very social.
aren't you?
We can make him
a castle if he wants.
If we go just there.
we'll be in sight.
Wanna go with 'em. buddy?
Play with me?
What's his name?
Harry.
- [Young girl] Come on. Harry.
- [Harry coos]
[Faint. unsettling music]
[Waves ripple. softly]
[Deep. muffled reverberation;
Playful yelling]
[Reverberation
becomes strident]
[Distorted buzzing;
Unsettling.
faint music continues]
[Motorcycle revs]
[Music continues]
[Muffled. ominous whooshing]
[High-pitched. eerie echo]
[Low. oppressive resonance]
[She screams]
What is that?
[Resonance and music continue]
[Grace] Yeah. fuck yeah.
[Man. shouting] Stop it!
[Muffled.
playful yelling of children]
[Silence]
[Fast. whooshing heartbeat]
[Harry] You kept saying sorry
when you were sleeping.
When I came in.
you were saying it.
What are you sorry about?
[Grace] I don't remember.
[Harry] Do you think you need
to apologise for anything?
[Grace] No.
Do I have to get up?
[Harry] No. Grace.
You don't need to do anything.
[Grace]
I can just stay in bed?
If that's what you want.
[Grace] Oh.
It's you.
[Heartbeats stop]
How are you?
Everyone misses you.
[Birds sing]
[Jackson] Coming in. babe?
Yeah.
Fixed it up a little bit.
Looks nice.
[Softly] Yeah.
[Light bulbs buzz]
[ Love Me Tender by Elvis
plays on record player]
♪ Love me tender
♪ Love me sweet
♪ Never let me... ♪
You're so beautiful. Grace.
♪ You have
made my life complete
♪ And I love you so
♪ Love me tender
♪ Love me true
♪ All my dreams fulfil ♪
[Baby giggles]
♪ For my darlin'. I love you
♪ And I always will
♪ Love me tender
♪ Love me long
♪ Take me to your heart
♪ For it's there that I belong
- ♪ And we'll never... ♪
- [Song subsides]
[Jen]
Oh. Grace. You look so well.
- It's so great
that you're home.
- You look so healthy.
- [Grace] Thanks.
- [Lively. indistinct chatter]
Sometimes all we need
is just a little break. right?
You know what? You and Jackson
are really lucky
to have each other.
Mm-hmm. yeah.
[Dog growls. playfully]
- Grace. it is so good
to see you.
- [Grace] You too.
- You look so well.
- [Grace] Thank you.
[Cheryl] No. but really.
you just look so much better.
You too.
You look a lot better.
- All good here?
- Yeah. doing great.
We're both doing a lot better
than we were.
- You having a good time?
- The best.
- That's good.
- And I'm just
so grateful to you.
For taking care of everything.
And painting the house...
- Taking care of the baby.
- [Cheryl] That's sweet.
Having me fucking committed.
You're just the best.
- Okay. Grace. come on.
- But I mean it.
- Thank you.
- Please. Don't do this.
Don't do what?
- I shot a dog!
It was in pain.
- [Girl gasps. chatter halts]
We came to be and we ran amok!
May we live long and die out.
Yes.
May we live long
and die out.
Grace.
Pam.
[Chatter resumes]
Grace.
Leave her be. Jackson.
[Jackson] Grace!
[Faint music
plays in car stereo]
Where are you. Grace?
[Grace] I'm right here.
You just can't see me.
[She sighs] I can't go back.
[He sighs]
I love you.
[Man on radio]
Perfect driving tune
right here from John Prine.
[Music plays
In Spite of Ourselves .
by John Prine and Iris DeMent]
I can try harder.
[She chuckles]
[He sings along]
♪ She don't like
Her eggs all runny
♪ She thinks
crossin' her legs is funny
♪ She looks
down her nose at money
♪ She gets it on
like the Easter Bunny
♪ She's my baby. I'm her honey
♪ I'm never gonna let her go ♪
[She sings along]
♪ He ain't got laid
In a month of Sundays
♪ Caught him once
And he was sniffin' my undies
♪ He ain't too sharp
But he gets things done
♪ Drinks his beer
like it's oxygen
♪ He's my baby. I'm his honey
♪ Never gonna let him go
♪ In spite of ourselves
♪ We'll end up
sittin' on a rainbow
♪ Against all odds
♪ Honey.
we're the big door prize
♪ We're gonna spite our noses
Right off of our faces
♪ There won't be nothin'
But big old hearts
dancin' in our eyes
[Music halts;
Birds sing]
Enough.
[Delicate. sombre music]
[Music continues]
[Music swells;
Flames roar]
[Opressive reverberations]
[Horse neighs]
Grace!
[Music continues]
[Music intensifies.
becomes strident]
[Music stops. resonates]
[Birdsong]
[ Love Will Tear Us Apart .
a capella]
♪When routine bites hard
♪ And ambitions are low
♪ And resentments ride high
♪ But emotions won't grow
♪ And we're changing our ways
♪ Taking different roads
♪ Then love
♪ Love will tear us apart
♪ Again
♪ Love
♪ Love will tear us apart
♪ Again
- ♪ Why is the bedroom
so cold? ♪
- [Sparse electric guitars join]
♪ You've turned away
on your side
♪ Is my timing that flawed?
♪ Our respect runs so dry
♪ Yet there's still
this appeal
♪ That we've kept
through our lives
♪ But love
♪ Love will tear us apart
♪ Again
♪ Love
♪ Love will tear us apart
♪ Again
♪ You cry out in your sleep ♪
[Warm. strumming
guitar joins]
♪ All my failings exposed
♪ There's a taste in my mouth
♪ As desperation takes hold
♪ Just that something so good
♪ Just can't function no more
♪ And love
♪ Love will tear us apart
♪ Again
♪ Love
♪ Love will tear us apart
♪ Again
♪ And love
♪ Love will tear us apart
♪ Again
♪ Love
♪ Love will tear us apart
♪ Again
♪ And love
♪ Love will tear us apart
♪ Again
♪ Love
♪ Love will tear us apart
♪ Again
♪ And love
♪ Love will tear us apart
♪ Again
♪ Love
♪ Love will tear us apart
♪ Again ♪
[Lyrics continue.
obscured by instruments]
- [Instruments subside]
- [Voice becomes distinct]
♪ And love
♪ Love will tear us apart
♪ Again
- ♪ Love ♪
- [Instruments stop]
[A capella]
♪ Love will tear us apart
♪ Again ♪
[Silence]
[Delicate. melancholic music]
[Music continues]
[Music fades]
-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.org ] ==-